---
layout: ecj_post
title:  "How We Met"
subtitle: "some lore"
icon: fa-calendar
date: 2024-06-02 00:00:00 -0500
tags: ecj
---

I first saw her on an email that was sent out for a RFC, and I remember thinking: "Wow, this girl looks really cute!". The next
time that she came to mind was when she demonstrated how to knit in a Learning org meeting, and from there, I never really thought
about her anymore. I knew she existed, but somewhere along the line, I had heard that she was taken; she wasn't in the San Francisco
area anyways.

Then, maybe about a year after I had moved back to the Bay, I met her formally for the first time at a happy hour. Some of my
other co-workers were messing around on my Hinge account, and I asked her what she thought about guys being too forward sometimes, or
if they would be relegated to being just a friend if they weren't flirting enough. I forget the specifics, but I must've said something
very weird, because she told me that I had made a horrible first impression LOL.

Later on, I ended up going to the bar after watching a movie with her and another co-worker friend. I hadn't planned on going out that
night, but after seeing her in person, I couldn't help myself since she looked so stunning. We even went out to the club together that same
weekend, and I might've been a little forward by holding onto her waist there. She didn't seem to mind too much, and so I kind of wanted
to test the waters a bit. Later, when we said goodbye, I told her that we should go out sometime, and she agreed, but I never did get a follow up HAHA.
Then, the next time we went to a club together, I got completely drunk and asked her if she was even remotely into me, and told her that I
really wanted to kiss her. Stupid, I know :skull: LMAO. Imagine the horror I felt the next morning when I realized what I'd done, and god, was it horrible. I was scared that I had crossed into harrassment territory, and I was also very sorry that I didn't control myself, and so I texted her to let her know. She replied that she wanted to be friends, and that was that!

It wasn't until later on that we started talking a bit more. She invited me to go on a run with a bunch of other friends, and since I had nothing
to do (and I was a bit smitten), I ended up signing up. Afterwards, we talked a bit about Halloween and some other random things, but 
I always thought that she wanted to be friends LOL, so I didn't think too much about it. She later sent me a Pokemon quiz or two, and even told me a bit about how she met Taylor Swift :laughing:. She went to my desk that weekend to talk to me, and it was probably the first time she did so, which took me a bit by surprise!

I remember being a little desperate to continue our conversation, and asked her if she liked crosswords. I really did enjoy that one crossword we did upstairs at the cafe LMAOO. I was nervous to sit next to her, and those intermittent touches definitely gave me some butterflies. We crossed that invisible line soon after, but she told me firmly that she wasn't looking for anything serious, which I was okay with.

We ended up setting up our first date at the Exploratorium, but I was so anxious that I asked her if she wanted to hang out a day or two before, since 
I didn't know if that would be a 1-on-1 thing, with others being invited. She told me that we probably shouldn't, since she didn't want to move that fast. Wellllll, I was able to spend some time with her anyways, delivering her some snacks and food LOL. There was some tension that night, but I didn't make a move because of what she told me before. Then we had a great time together at the Exploratorium, where she skipped her 1989 TV drop just to hang out with me. There was also a lot of tension that night, but again, I didn't make a move. We went out as a group for Halloween, and that night was the probably the start of everything that was to come.
