---
layout: post
title:  "Issues Part 3"
subtitle: "even more things she didn't like about me (long read, again x 2)"
icon: fa-frown-open
date:   2020-05-03 00:00:01 -0500
---

### I wasn't willing to make the sacrifice to do something with her, even if I despised it.
Of all of the issues that she had with me, this is the one that I disagreed with the most. After our first rave at Zedd together, I had told her that I didn't really want to go to another one. It just wasn't for me. She ended up buying two tickets to Illenium anyways, and I ended up agreeing to go. I wasn't exactly happy about it, but I made my mind up to try and have fun with the person who I loved. At the beginning, it wasn't too bad, but as the night went on, I was looking more and more to the last set. For the entirety of the rave, I used my own body to protect her, and make sure that she had enough space to have fun. I was bumped into, hit, pushed, and had to deal with the sweaty bodies of other ravers, but I endured so that she could enjoy the experience. Even if I didn't, at least she would, right?

After, we walked to get food, and I told her that I didn't have fun, and that I wouldnt really go to another rave again. There was no malice in my words, and I tried to put it in a light mood because I was happy to have spent the night with her. However, I could sense that she was upset. All throughout the dinner and the Uber ride home, she didn't want to talk to me, and didn't want to hold my hand. When we got back, we argued and eventually I just laid in bed, broken. I had done so much for her during the rave, one that I hadn't wanted to go to, but still went to because she wanted to go. It wasn't enough. I had to want to go to any future events even if I absolutely hated them, because she was my girlfriend and that was my duty.

She left and went to watch Netflix, and being the person who always wanted to resolve the conflict, I swallowed my pride and went to try and make amends. I felt deeply wronged, but I didn't want to spend the night fighting and I really just wanted her company. She ignored my approach, and didn't say or do anything. Ultimately, I went back to bed, and I had a breakdown. I couldn't understand why she was so hurtful to me, and why she wouldn't try to make up. She hadn't considered what I was feeling at all, and it made me upset to no end. As she took a shower, I just cried on my own. Even after she finished, she didn't check on me, and that made me feel even worse. It took a while, but she finally noticed that I was crying on my lonesome and tried a little bit to comfort me. I was inconsolable at that point, and she gave up after only a few tries. My dumbass(?) loved this girl so much that I not only went back to ask her to keep consoling me, but I completely forgave her within the span of 10 minutes. She had hurt me incredibly, but I found myself forgiving her effortlessly.

(P.S. I couldn't think of an example for her before, but here's a simple one! She didn't want to ride a rollercoaster with me because she didn't like it, and well, if I followed her philosophy, she should've just done it.)

### I was not supportive enough.
I will readily admit that I was not supportive enough. When she told me about a problem, my first instinct was to find a solution. If the problem is solved and gone, then it's not a problem anymore. Regrettably, this lead to situations where I would ask if she had done certain things to try and figure out something to do. It was my way of caring, and I wanted to get rid of what was bothering her. To her, it was a questioning of her choices and doubting her. After a long, long time, I realized that what she wanted wasn't a solution, but rather just someone to listen. I am still working on that today.

### I was too cheap.
I didn't want to do certain things or eat certain things because I thought they were expensive. Growing up, those things were meant to be treats and reserved for more special occasions. Gas also cut into my wallet a lot, but I never once asked for her to pay any part of it. This meant that a lot of times I would tell her I didn't want something because of the cost. I did end up giving in a lot of times too though because of my love for her. I wouldn't spend the money on myself, but if it was for her, I would do it.

Because of this, we would stay in a lot and end up just getting lunch and dinner. She told me that this was boring, and she was tired of it, so I did my best to plan dates that were new to us. I planned trips to the Round 1, Japanese Garden, Great America, Monterrey Bay Aquarium, multiple thrift stores, and reassured her that once I got a job, I would be able to spoil her and have a lot more fun. I was frugal, and that's a fact. But when it came to her, I was definitely willing to spend.

When I finally landed a job, I was beyond excited. I could finally spend on her and do all of the things I wanted to. I could surprise her for her graduation! We could go to the Exploratorium and do more expensive things! I wanted to settle into Houston before committing to anything, but I was more than ready to make up for all the things we couldn't do when I didn't have enough money.
