---
layout: cyy_post
title: "The Break"
subtitle: "when every day was hell"
icon: fa-icicles
date: 2020-05-05 00:00:00 -0500
tags: cyy
---

She told me that she wanted to take a break after we had gone on a double date. The friend that I suspected had asked her, "What do you see in him?", and she couldn't find an answer for him.

Hearing that is painful enough in itself. What drove those words deeper was the fact that the one who asked the question was the friend that I had doubts about. From what I know, those words are generally followed by the sentiment that "I could treat you better." It may just be my own pettiness, or jealousy, but in that moment, there was nothing else I could think. For me, that moment is frozen in time. I couldn't breathe, and it felt as if a sinkhole had opened beneath my feet and swallowed me.

We talked about it for hours when I drove her back, and I cried the whole time. I don't remember her shedding even one tear, and honestly, I knew that there was no recourse in this situation. She told me over and over again that she loved me and that she did want to stay together, but those words directly contradicted those she had delivered before. She told me to not be sad, but I don't know a single person who would be able to hold it together if they were in my position.

We stopped talking, and I made her promise not to pursue other people and to have a call once a week. After all, it was a break, not a break up. The first two weeks ended up being the weeks of Valentine's Day, and we had agreed to go out the week before to celebrate, since I didn't want to fight with crowds on the day of. In the morning, I went to Costco and bought her a bouquet of roses, all while knowing that we were still on a break. I tried to have as much fun as I could, even as my heart sunk lower throughout the day. At the end of the night, as she left, I broke down again, and she once again tried to reassure me by telling me how much she loved me. It's funny how those same words that brought you so much happiness could now cut so much, each time slicing into you without any second thought.

At midnight on February 14th, I messaged her "Happy Valentine's Day!", and she asked me if I wanted to go out the next day. I wanted to more than anything in the world, but I got the feeling that she didn't really want to. Nonetheless, I agreed to, because I missed her.

For some backstory, I had drawn and created personalized cards for special occasions to give to her. Each one I poured my soul into, to express just how much I appreciated and loved her. Because of the break, however, I wasn't planning on making one, since I was more sad than happy in the relationship. She ended up asking if I was going to though, and because I loved her so much, I told her I would, pretending that that had been the idea from the beginning. I had decided to spend the night packing up for my move to Houston in two days, but out of love and desperation, I stayed up all night creating the card instead. Thinking about what I did then evokes emotions so strong that I can still feel how hurt I was then.

The letter I wrote for her that day was one of despair, and I guess even a bit of pleading. I couldn't really write one that was uplifting and cute in that state of mind.

The next morning, I was going to be on a flight to Houston, and she didn't want to go. I didn't want to force her either, so I said that we could just drop her off at her home. She ended up going because she didn't want to inconvenience my parents, but instead of being a comforting presence, she only made me more sad. I expressed my feelings and how much I was going to miss her, and how much I loved her, but as I left to go through the TSA screenings, she hadn't really said anything. Not much about how she'd miss me, not much about how she loved me, and again, not a single tear was shed. Meanwhile, I fought as hard as I could to not cry, which I failed at eventually.

In Houston, we started talking more again, and I thought that we were done with the break. Turns out that wasn't the case, and during our weekly call, after I noticed that she was being uninterested and not engaged, she told me so. So begins a more fiery hell, and I cried myself to sleep every night. I asked her to take pictures of the cards I had made her prior because I like to keep a record of those things, and also because I had the feeling that she was going to dump me. A week or so later, she texted me asking if I had time to talk. NEVER, in our whole relationship, had she ever called me first for anything. When she wanted to talk, she'd ask to video call. When we had a fight, I'd be the one to make the phone call. I'd had a great day that I was excited to talk to her about during our weekly call, but that great day turned into the worst day of my life in an instant. She told me she was glad to have met me, but I had no words for her. I couldn't have formed any even if I wanted to. And then that was it.
