---
layout: post
title:  "Issues Part 1"
subtitle: "things she didn't like about me (long read)"
icon: fa-sad-tear
date:   2020-05-02 00:00:00 -0500
---

In our time together, she had a multitude of complaints and issues regarding who I am, or was, as a person. I don't mean to say that I was the perfect boyfriend, because I wasn't, plain and simple. But every little thing that bothered her, every little problem that she had, I mostly acknowledged and tried to improve as a person. For her. Some were beyond me, and I couldn't comprehend her emotions and feelings, but I put my best foot forward and made an effort to empathize. So here are some that I remember so vividly, that to me, the conversations could have transpired mere seconds prior.

### I nagged too much.
I would nag about drinking less boba, drinking more water, eating more, and lastly, seeing a dermatologist. This is a topic that's difficult for me to talk about, and even more difficult for me to know how to navigate. On the one hand, I understand that it's quite annoying when someone else tells you how to live your life and constantly reminds you how they feel. Yet, on the other, I felt that as her significant other, I had more of a duty to try to steer her towards better choices. I would nag about boba because quite honestly, it's an unhealthy habit. She started drinking less, but before that even happened, I had long stopped mentioning the idea. She didn't like it when I did bring it up, and so I didn't, out of respect for what she wanted. As for drinking more water and eating more, that originated from the same sentiment. I cared for her so much I didn't want her to be dehydrated and skipping meals. I hated when she would consider a drink a meal, and would try to get her to eat more, or at least tell her to do so.

Last but not least, I really, really wanted her to see a dermatologist. There's one night that I'll never forget, and that was when I spent the greater part of two hours comforting and consoling her because it was a particularly dreadful flare up of her eczema. She kept saying that she wanted to die, and wishing that she wasn't the way she was. I didn't know what to do other than to keep holding her close and telling her that everything would be okay. I cried and felt helpless because the person who I loved so dearly was going through an unfathomable amount of pain and frustration. This was the one issue that I never did give up on, because it was the one that I worried about endlessly. Anything that I could to relieve her suffering, I wanted to do. I only wish that she was willing to try to help herself.

### I would say, "Look what I'm doing for you" sometimes.
I usually said this playfully, accompanied by an endearing gesture, such as pinching her cheeks, or gripping her hand or thigh tightly. But to her, it was never cute or lovable. Instead, she thought of it as a complaint, as if I didn't want to do those things for her. For the most part, I never thought of what I did for her as a chore, but I guess that I brought it up as sort of a way to be acknowledged. When she didn't get food after I told her to before and I drove her after, or when I drove the same road multiple times in a day, I would say those hated words. I just wanted to be appreciated, but because she saw those actions as things I should be doing anyways, I often didn't hear the words "Thank you" come out of her mouth. Any form of affection, and I would've gone to the ends of the world for her, but when I tried to fish for it, she just got upset.

An incident that was particularly hurtful was when she took the GMAT exam for the first time. I knew that she was sad because she hadn't done as well as she wanted to, and so I decided to take her out to CAFFE:IN for dessert and boba. I really wanted to cheer her up since it was such an important test. We got there, and I paid for the food, happy just to see her and watch her eat. I was sick at the time, so I declined her offer to eat some of the matcha crepe she ordered; I was getting my fill by being in her company. I forgot the reason why, but she ended up being upset at me later, saying something about how I didn't have to go out with her. It stuck with me because I was tired and sick, but I still wanted to take her out to make her happy. I didn't mind too much when she wasn't the most grateful about it, since I wanted to show that I cared, but when she was upset, that crossed the line for me. It sucked.

### I couldn't let it go when she said "Never mind", or "It's nothing".
This is one of my biggest pet peeves, and it resulted in two major fights that we had. The first time, it was in LA. We were taking a trip, and I've told her before that it was something that really bothered me. I got upset, and although she knew that I was upset, she didn't say anything or interact with me for the night and the day after. My emotions turned to anger, and I broke the silence in the morning. I gave her the chance to just say anything, while trying to hold back my feelings and tears. I had comforted her whenever she was sad or furious, but when it came to be my turn to be comforted, she was tight lipped and didn't even go so far as to give me any form of reassurance. I ended up leaving the room to cry by myself in the living room of our AirBnB. I had put in so much work and effort for her, yet she wouldn't even try to console me this once. Mere moments before I was going to head out on my own after deciding that I wanted to end the relationship, she came out and finally did something. A wave of relief washed over me. Even at that point, I was so invested in this person that I was torn apart. I was so glad that we were still together that I just forgave her. And I don't regret forgiving her. I only regret that we had to fight like that.

The second time that we fought over this was during a trip to Monterey. She was going to make a joke in Cantonese but decided that it was too stupid and didn't want to. Me being me, I begged her to let me know. I've always thought that if it's nothing, or if someone says never mind, it's generally not so important that it can't be said. I know that she really valued her right to not say it if she didn't want to, and I know that she didn't want to say it because she didn't like to be embarrassed. Being her boyfriend, I wished for her to be completely comfortable with me, and so that made me want her to say it even more, because I wanted to know that she was fine with being embarrassed when it came to me. The other point that really made me want her to say it was that I wanted to know that she would do something for me, even if she disliked it a bit. I wanted to know that she'd relent on something small, as I had done when it came to things that she mentioned she didn't like.

Sadly, she wouldn't, and I was stubborn and couldn't let it go. Funnily enough, even though I was mad, I couldn't help loving her. I made sure that she got to see the fish being fed because she had never been before, and I made her take my spot for a better view. I forced myself to ask her to take a picture with me, even though I didn't want to talk to her at that moment. On the walk back to the car, I wanted to talk about it a bit more, and we ended up arguing again. In the heat of the moment, I said that I didn't respect her opinion because I felt that she could have just done something small for me, just to make me happy. I realized that I shouldn't have said those things, and I apologized. Now, I'm not sure if she noticed, but I ended up telling her to get in line for Tasty Pot to show that I was sincerely apologetic. This is important because I was generally opposed to spending too much eating out. But I knew that she liked hotpot, and so that night, I decided that we should go so that I could maybe(?) cheer her up a little.
