---
layout: cyy_post
title: "My Wishes"
subtitle: "the things I wish could've happened"
icon: fa-magic
date: 2020-06-22 00:00:00 -0500
tags: cyy
---

There are many things I wish could've transpired in a different manner, but here are just a few I guess.

I wish that she realized just how much I worked towards being a better person for her. No matter what, whenever something was brought up, I would try to work on it and be someone worth it for her.

I wish that I were better from the start. Then maybe she wouldn't have had been so sad.

I wish she could've been a bit more forgiving. Whenever I made a mistake, I felt as if we would never be able to recover.

I wish that she could've shown that she still loved me when she was upset. When she got mad or upset, it was like she hated me, and wouldn't treat me like her boyfriend. Even when I was upset, I would make sure to say "I love you," "Goodnight," or "Good morning." She just didn't say anything a lot of the time.

I wish we could've resolved every fight before we went to sleep, so that we wouldn't be mad at each other through the night. But she was not a confrontational person, and didn't like talking about something for too long. I would also be overly confrontational at times, so that probably made her feel worse.

I wish she could've understood just how much she meant to me. Of all the people in the world, I would've never traded her for any of them. Even if there are multiple people I could be compatible with, she was unique; I loved her for her. She was my one and only, and I never wanted for anyone else while she was mine.

I wish I could've been a bit more understanding. I'm learning how to be more so now, but obviously it's too late.

Lastly, I wish that I didn't get so fucking broken over this. It's been a while, and it still hurts like a fresh wound sometimes. We didn't work out, and I'm mostly over it (lmao as if). But I've always felt that there's no way I will ever completely get over someone I've loved until I love someone new.

It's funny, because she never did understand me when I said that I would love her forever even if we broke up. But to me, it's true. There will never be a time when I would refuse her a favor, nor will there ever be a time when I don't care for her.

Fuck my life.
