---
layout: cyy_post
title: "Issues Part 2"
subtitle: "more things she didn't like about me (long read, again)"
icon: fa-sad-cry
date: 2020-05-03 00:00:00 -0500
tags: cyy
---

### I wasn't as polite as she wanted me to be.

I think of myself as a polite person; well, maybe a tad bit more than the average person I suppose. I say thank you when someone does something for me, and I offer to help in most cases. So it's surprising to me when I asked her to help me out with the dishes and she hated that. Whenever I've been to her apartment, not only do I ask to help, I insist on it, and have even cleaned the dishes that I've used. After providing the dishes and utensils at my place for her to use, I thought it'd be natural to ask for help, so that we can finish the job together in a quicker fashion. Don't couples often have one person wash while the other person rinses? I didn't even make her do the harder part; I took care of all of the scrubbing. I just wanted to get it done so we could get back to what we were doing before. This was something that bothered me a lot. I understand that it's my home and there're things you should do for your guests, but at the same time, she wasn't just any guest, and she didn't come over only once in a while. I thought of her as more than a guest. I thought of her as my significant other, someone who ranked right below my parents.

The other time that this came into play was during Christmas. She had gotten me a Nintendo Switch, and I had a feeling that she had. Not only was I not surprised and very happy, I even forgot to thank her! I realized quickly that I made a mistake and apologized and worked to make it right. I had inadvertently made her feel like shit because I didn't seem appreciative or grateful for her thought and effort to get me this gift. I was so caught up in giving her my gift that I hadn't taken the time to cherish her. In truth, I really liked what she had chosen for me. I could finally play the games that I had heard of and in the future, get games that we could play together! We went together to get games the next day, and I spent the next few weeks glued to the new console.

Unfortunately, she hadn't quite forgiven me. She would end up giving me a lot of hell for using the Switch, to the point where I wanted to give it back to her so that it would end. I loved her and the gift she gave me, and I would reassure her over and over that was the case. I apologized many times, but she couldn't let it go. She still hasn't let it go, probably.

### I didn't get past the difficult parts of a game for her.

To me, video games are a learning experience and that process of learning is fun. So when she asked me to help her beat certain things or do certain things, I tried to teach her to do them herself instead of doing it for her directly. I was a bit stubborn about not doing that because it didn't fit my idea of how a game should be played. I came around after a bit, and ended up just playing for her for some parts of Breath of the Wild, but I think at that point she already held a grudge against me, or at least decided there was another thing she didn't like.

### I was too self-centered and had to be right.

This is a fault of mine. I have always been a blunt and straight-forward person, and when I know something is fact, I like to present it as such. I prefer discourse and discussion rather than leaving something up for interpretation, especially when I know something is wrong. She didn't like that one bit, even if I relented whenever evidence to the contrary was presented. I was right more often than not, however, but I guess being right doesn't matter in some situations.

### Her friends didn't like me.

She told me that her friends didn't like me. I had forgotten to say hello the first time I met him, and that had left a bad impression. I remember getting made fun of when they picked me up, and so the first thing that I said when I got into the car was that I had earbuds in and I couldn't hear them calling out to me. I must have forgotten to greet them, because she told me the reason later on.

What really got to me, however, was that I hadn't seen them more than once or twice. They didn't know who I was, and their only connection to me was through her. I explained to her that their opinions were based on what she told them, and it seemed as if she only told them all of the bad of our relationship. I have to admit, I was very hurt. I didn't need her friends to love me, but for them to dislike me, it just meant that she rarely told them what I did right, or what she did like about the relationship, if she did at all. Did she even want to be with me if all she told others was that I was a dirtbag? I bragged about her whenever I had the chance, but she didn't do the same.

I wanted to get a second chance. I asked her to let me hang out with her friends and to let me visit her in SF, but she would always say that it would be awkward. This made me very dejected, and just sad in general. She wouldn't let me have a second chance, and I'll elaborate more on this in a subsequent posts.
